                                                                            Use case contracts: 

1-Operation: EnterHome(int choice) 

Cross Reference: Home 

Pre-Condition: User opens our Credit Card Fraud Detection System and would enter a choice to login or register and home would take him to respective screen. 

Post Condition: User will be able to Login or Register to his account for further procedure. 

2-Operation: Register() 

Cross Reference: Registeration 

Pre-Condition: User can access Register Page via Home..                                                                                                                                                                                                                Post Condition: Now the user will be registered and he can proceed with the system. 
Post-Condition:User will successfully register himself into Detection System.


3-Operation:Details(string name,string bankname,int CVC, int PhoneNumber,string email,decimal CardNumber) 

Cross Reference: Registration

Pre-Condition: User access details section after accessing registration through Home Page.He can write details now.

Post Condition:after registration, he is allowed to login as a registered user


4-Operation:userDetails(Details user) 

Cross Reference: registration

Pre-Condition: user would access registration page to enter his details

Post Condition: His details are saved successfully


5-Operation:cardDetails(Details card) 

Cross Reference: registration

Pre-Condition: user would access registration page to enter card details

Post Condition:Card details are saved successfully



6-Operation: login(string password, string username) 

Cross Reference: Login 

Pre-Condition:User access login page through home, and would enter credentials to login to his account.                                                                                                                                                                                                           Post Condition: Now the system will open user’s account and he can use the system.       
Post-Condition:After Logging in user can perform transaction.

7-Operation:credentialsAuthentication(int choice)
Cross Reference: authentication

Pre-Condition: user would enter home to login and would enter credentials to verify from database

Post Condition: user will be logged into system, if credentials will be verified, user will be able to proceed else he will have to provide valid information to proceed through the system 

8-Operation: AccessTransaction(Details user, Details card) 

Cross Reference: Transaction 

Pre-Condition: User would access Transaction after Logging into system.So that he can perform transaction.

Post Condition: If there is no fraud detected in transaction pattern and security check, transaction will be done successfully else after 3 unsuccessful attempts,
the card’s geographical location and amount will be checked and these will be compared to previous transactions.
If the system will detect any fraud, the user will be notified and the card will get blocked. 

09-Operation:TransactionDetails()
Cross Reference: Transaction
Pre-Condition:User accesss transaction page after Logging into system. He would then Enter card owner details,card details,amount to proceed further.

Post Condition: all the details will be sent for transaction verification.After verification transaction is completed

 
10-Operation:bankVerification(Details Userdetails, Details Carddetails , TransactionDetails details)
Cross Reference: Transaction

Pre-Condition: User accesss transaction page after Logging into system and enters his details.His details are sent to bank for verification to proceed for transaction.
Post Condition:Bank will verify whether the user is associated with bank or not, and if verified , he can proceed with his transaction else he will be asked to enter correct information


11-Operation:securityCheck(string []questions)
Cross Reference:security

Pre-Condition: when user will enter details wrong for the third time he will be directed to a security page.

Post Condition: it will ask user security questions which he provided during registration process and if user will be able these questions correctly, he will be able to proceed else
his card will be blocked.


12-Operation:Transaction Status(bool check) 

Cross Reference: Transaction 

Pre-Condition: If there was no fraud detected, transaction would be done successfully and status will return true,else transaction wolud be failed. 

Post Condition: If there was no fraud detected, user will be able to transfer the amount and transaction status will be true, else transaction status will be false.
